Re: Not sure what is going on.



Thanks a lot. I agree I'm being incredibly brave - I've never really found it at all difficult to talk about what is troubling me. Not at all. It's a great skll I possess. I don't think anyone should be afraid to speak up - but unfortunately it isn't always that easy. I can totally understand that.&nbsp;

This weekend I am feeling quite good. Definitely an improvement that's for sure,&nbsp;
To answer your other question - sometimes talking to people online helps relieve the stress. But definitely not always.&nbsp;

I certainly do respect my friend very very very much - and I would be willing to do anything so as to maintain our friendship and make her as happy as possible. And I think I do a fantastic job of that. In fact, I caught up with her yesterday (even though it wasn't for long at all) and had a small talk about things. But it sucked we only spoke for about 50 minutes. We didn't get the chance for both of us to really talk about everything that has been going on for both of us. You know what I mean? When you catch up with friends who are particularly close, you want to be able to sit down for 3-4 hours and discuss all the things that have been going on for you; if you had any particular upsets since last catching up, what happened, how you dealt with it. How your friends family is doing and what they are getting up to, how your friends work is going, and if anything of note happened that they would like to discuss. A complete debrief you know! But that's just my opinion. It depends on the friend in question, I have friends that I don't talk about my person life to at all, and neither do they for whatever reason.&nbsp;
Regardless of us not doing any of that, I'm not going to dwell on it and be complacent, that will only make me more upset. I'm fine with it - and I'm grateful we caught up at all you know?&nbsp;Smiley Very Happy

Being at home is an amazing thing, I'm not sure about you - but I live alone. There's nothing inherently wrong with it, but it just does get lonely at times. It would be like that for most people I would imagine.&nbsp;
Considering the torment and problems I had when living with my parents over two years ago, the fact that I am living on my own now completely free of any emotional abuse whatsoever. It's a truly magnificent thing - trust me! It's an enormous blessing and I am very very grateful. As you say the outside world&nbsp;can&nbsp;be dangerous - it depends upon if we reinforce the meaning of it. I just need to reinforce the fact that it is an okay thing, there is nothing terrible about it. I need to develop some new coping strategies to sort it out. I have every confidence I will.&nbsp;
Personally though, I love going out and about. I love being in certain places. I love being in the city, but not when my anxiety decides to play up on its own accord. That simply does not help. It's like it has a mind of its own.&nbsp;

Funny you should mention it, I did speak to an online counsellor. But that didn't help at all. I just constantly had this sense (or a little person on my shoulder telling me) that they weren't listening to me and didn't really care at all. So I don't think I'll be going back to that any time soon. But that's fine, I'm doing pretty good. I'll talk to them again if I feel lonely. Maybe...&nbsp;
